docs: export and document asf Flags (#1525)
ripple/ripple-lib: docs/index.md

  - [iso8601ToRippleTime](#iso8601torippletime)
  - [rippleTimeToISO8601](#rippletimetoiso8601)
  - [txFlags](#txflags)

>   - [txFlagIndices](#txflagindices)

Reviewer: I know this was the pre-existing name, but `txFlagIndices` sounds weird to me. Naming is hard, but ... could we put some thought into a better name for this?

Author: If were willing to change this, I think we should call them `AccountSetFlags` or `AccountFlags`

* PaymentChannelCreate
* PaymentChannelFund

## txFlagIndices

> The following are integer (as opposed to bit) flags that can be set for particular transactions in the AccountSet SetFlag or ClearFlag field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To modify account flags, you can use an AccountSet transaction and its `SetFlag` or `ClearFlag` fields.

The flags are called [AccountSet flags (asf*)](https://xrpl.org/accountset.html#accountset-flags):
```

> `txFlagIndices.AccountSet.asfRequireDest`: Require a destination tag to send transactions to this account.

Reviewer: Perhaps something like this (will require renames/aliases elsewhere):
```suggestion
`RippleAPI.asfRequireDest`: Require a destination tag to send transactions to this account.
```

In xrpl.js, this could be `XRPL.asfRequireDest`.

Reviewer: "asf" is already short for "AccountSet flag", I believe.
